
### 18.2  
In order to utilize LAPS, a minor Active Directory Schema update is required, and a Group Policy Client Side Extension (CSE) must be installed on each managed computer. When LAPS is installed, the file `AdmPwd.dll` must be present in the following location and registered in Windows (the LAPS AdmPwd GPO Extension / CSE installation does this for you): `C:\Program Files\LAPS\CSE\AdmPwd.dll `
### 18.2.2  
To establish the recommended configuration via GP, set the following UI path to `Enabled`: `Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\LAPS\Do not allow password expiration time longer than required by policy `Note: This Group Policy path does not exist by default. An additional Group Policy template (`AdmPwd.admx/adml`) is required - it is included with Microsoft Local Administrator Password Solution (LAPS). 
### 18.2.3  
To establish the recommended configuration via GP, set the following UI path to `Enabled`: `Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\LAPS\Enable Local Admin Password Management `Note: This Group Policy path does not exist by default. An additional Group Policy template (`AdmPwd.admx/adml`) is required - it is included with Microsoft Local Administrator Password Solution (LAPS). 
### 18.2.4  
To establish the recommended configuration via GP, set the following UI path to `Enabled`, and configure the `Password Complexity` option to `Large letters + small letters + numbers + special characters`: `Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\LAPS\Password Settings `Note: This Group Policy path does not exist by default. An additional Group Policy template (`AdmPwd.admx/adml`) is required - it is included with Microsoft Local Administrator Password Solution (LAPS). 
### 18.2.5  
To establish the recommended configuration via GP, set the following UI path to `Enabled`, and configure the `Password Length` option to `15 or more`: `Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\LAPS\Password Settings `Note: This Group Policy path does not exist by default. An additional Group Policy template (`AdmPwd.admx/adml`) is required - it is included with Microsoft Local Administrator Password Solution (LAPS). 
### 18.2.6  
To establish the recommended configuration via GP, set the following UI path to `Enabled`, and configure the `Password Age (Days)` option to `30 or fewer`: `Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\LAPS\Password Settings `Note: This Group Policy path does not exist by default. An additional Group Policy template (`AdmPwd.admx/adml`) is required - it is included with Microsoft Local Administrator Password Solution (LAPS). 